[SIG-4885] Start removing jenkins references out of signals-frontend. (#2366)
Amsterdam/signals-frontend: docs/adr/0005-deploy-setup.md

- [signals-weesp](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signals-weesp) and
- [signals-amsterdamsebos](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signals-amsterdamsebos) (does not exist)

> The first repository in the list contains the functionality and the others contain domain specific configuration. At deployment, a Docker image of the first repository is created and pushed to the Docker repository by a Azure Container registery job. Note that only tags and the `develop` branch can be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The first repository in the list contains the functionality and the others contain domain specific configuration. At deployment, a Docker image of the first repository is created and pushed to the Docker repository by a Github actions job. Note that only tags can be deployed.
```

- Administrative overhead, because a single configuration change in the base repository spawns a pull request and requires us to tag and document a new release and do that three times for each domain specific repository, apart from the pull request and tagged release that we create in the base repository.

## Decision

All domain specific repositories will be combined into [a single repository](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signalen). This repository will contain a separate 'package' (or whatever you want to call it) that contains domain specific configuration.

The [Amsterdam/signals-frontend](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signals-frontend) repository will remain the base repository and will have tagged releases, as is currently the case.

> Each separate package will have their own `Dockerfile`. The [Amsterdam/signalen](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signalen) repository's `master` branch will be tagged, not individual 'packages'.

Reviewer: You can remove this, this is now part of Azure DevOps.

### Deployment

> ~~A single `Jenkinsfile` in the [Amsterdam/signalen](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signalen) repository will tie the [Amsterdam/signals-frontend](https://github.com/Amsterdam/signals-frontend) repository and the separate 'packages' together. This will prevent having race conditions.~~

Author: and these strikethrough lines @bartjkdp

Reviewer: Yes, please remove this 👍  also the repository Amsterdam/signalen can be deleted.

Author: heb die repo verwijderd @bartjkdp!
